these women can do anything just because
they can doesn't mean I should that's
just the way you outstanding angels you
have a new client how is she I can't
sleep at night I'm the lead programmer
on a product that can revolutionize the
power industry but there is a
possibility it can be weaponized and I'm
a me too no I'm Jane
who are you embossing
welcome to the pounds of agencies we
exist because traditional law
enforcement can't keep oh I don't like
that boy you guys are like lady spies
thanks for wearing my face oh god what
did you do to spend my compressed his
carotid and deoxygenated his brain stem
well that sounds painful don't worry
he's gonna wake up unless he doesn't
Sabina runs the ground game sanyo stuff
let's get the weapon before it becomes
every bad guy's favorite new toy take
her to the closet cheer her up
we're gonna need some wig toys
we're still in the first closet there's
another closet let's just stop the
touching some of these blows up
[Music]
Jane are you flirting with a handsome
nerd host no
[Music]
how'd that feel cuz it looked like it
felt really good I felt nice
[Music]
good morning angels morning charlie
I've lived a good life I've done it all
except for one thing
I don't know how it feels that killed
someone I said that you never got around
to scratch you're firing me
can you at least let me go at the end of
the week come on is almost three one's
Friday I deserve that meal please don't
make me call security need to get out of
the city for a bit consider this your
Eat Pray Love moment well I hope you
have a lovely stay don't hesitate to
call me if you need anything I'm just
down a road I'm gonna text you the
address if you call and I don't pick up
I'm being objectified and tortured by a
hillbilly
[Music]
I didn't really think this through
it just gets easier and easier a man can
only take so much before he cracks
[Music]
is that a tomahawk tax book cultural
appropriation rant Jesus
[Music]
[Applause]
it's going to save them
[Music]
the world as we know it ended in 2018
the war between the Earth and the moon
Nazis had led to all-out nuclear
destruction
the last survivors of the healing race
made the refuge on the Dark Side of the
Moon the exiled remnants of humankind
made their new home in the former Nazi
base
[Music]
[Applause]
the moon is not going to be here for
long we are gonna head to the center of
the earth which is apparently Paulo and
hopefully find the one thing that can
save my mom basically the whole of
mankind
okay cool can I go
[Music]
the students online
the holy ground huh
what was that
Thomas Alva Edison my boys and I caught
in the jar but before now is only
flashed across the night sky the future
is here
oh I'm George Westinghouse Nikola Tesla
I haven't be the greatest provider of
electrical power in the world better
than Edison there's a contest between
you this is a battle for the brightest
minds of America today the impossible
becomes possible
the man that controls that current
controls the future I hope you brought
your checkbooks you want to be
remembered it's simple shoot a president
but if you prefer to have what I call a
legacy you leave the world a better
place than you found it you were
building miracles out of thin air I'm
working on something so new that the
world would never be the same
mr. Edison succeeds he will send us back
so far we may never recover sometimes we
have to work outside of the rules to get
was right that is how you truly win it
you got vultures and every venture but
did I mention that his systems lethal
his current kills people he's playing
dirty you can too
you can't see the real force that moves
things of it's not a CD Saints utterance
to currency this is costing affords
Westinghouse my motor that is our future
you're fired
we're never gonna be anything named
Tesla ever again our futures not gonna
be paid with bricks for recovering I had
the better system Westinghouse Electric
shall endure the City of Light but I
built it already in my imagination and
it is perfectly there is a possibility
you'll be putting in jeopardy the lives
of 28 million people tonight things
could change pick up her right
only one man would rise
so what'd you trade invent or fix
problems radiates what made you pick me
I liked your picture well you have this
sad look on your face I feel sorry for
you damn so what happens to me did you
think we were kind of happy no I thought
we're gonna hang out maybe get to know
each other you swerving a little bit
back to here you go now you step out of
the vehicle for me
[Music]
what do you want I want a rattle back
killer cop kills it was self-defense
there is nothing back there for us
oh really in the black bar in class
ain't gonna bin the world as long as my
lady remembers me fondly that's all I
need
can I be your legacy you already are
[Music]
I think everything is destined let me
ask you a question do you think he black
you think them your people
[Music]
she will forget that
[Applause]
[Music]
the streets are war zone
yah
I gotta mean to see I don't stay in a
call this you already got rid of
everyone that could talk the hell are
you doing here rookie whoa whoa whoa
relax all cups yeah this isn't what it
looks without you do get a body cam on
but we got a ghost this is good I think
Simon you gonna bring under my bed
let's get you out of here don't be
stupid
all he wants is the body camp he's been
shot
what you can't be in here with this the
police they'll help you it was the cops
they shot me she cannot get back to the
precinct to upload the footage on that
camera every cop in criminal in this
city is coming to find her got a price
on your head what you gonna do I'm gonna
expose it
if the here is
all that is before nothing
this you still playing
[Music]
we're still alive are we
we've got a hard choice to make right
now are you one of us
he picked her side murders murder
don't matter who you are
[Applause]
[Music]
the situation in the Pacific
is far worse than reported pearl harbors
the greatest intelligence failure
[Music]
in American history
the Japanese are planning something
bigger so what's the target
we believe it's Midway
Washington disagrees
Washington is wrong
today we're gonna be underdogs
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe prove the American Navy as an a
joke
[Music]
remember this moment for the besties in
life
[Music]
okay yeah dr. McGuire
Stephanie 5:00 in the morning nice to
meet you to inquire Michael's for this
yeah am i looking perfect Michael Fisk
was this guy who I thought had figured
it all out and then he killed himself
I need to find the reason why I need
another drink
I'm looking for a report on the death of
Michael Fiske your name my name is
Spiros Spiros Sparrow's Papadopoulou
eros from Greece yeah I'm sorry I didn't
get your name who are you this is my
close friend Spiros so I begin image
spitting image - mayonnaise if Carrie
stop panoply you put the Sheep further I
can explain how are you oh my god
there's so much to do here on top of
everything I've gotta find someone to
finish the bathroom
perhaps I hope I start tomorrow no
you're wasting your time right between
these cases don't have an answer like
this is some serial killer type stuff
here mr. Fiske very sorry for your loss
we investigate all suspicious deaths it
seems that mr. Fiske may have been
stalked this is you're the one with the
unexamined life not me how's your life
now fail
[Music]
there's more to life than everything
that maybe he only realized that once he
had it open
[Music]
so tell me have you done this a lot met
people on the computer service
if - fine it's always the same you mean
them special followed by them that down
but I'll tell myself brace up this time
it'll be different which astronomers now
professor at a second my heart my name
is in fact lot Brian it's Roy
to the Future emotional image is worth
nearly three million cameras there the
lot you bloody bet I'm gonna take it off
is that your grandson it's too soon to
be getting so close to him
I've grown very fond of you do you know
who you are
you're the only person on this planet
who makes me feel that I'm not alone
I know things about you who you really
are you don't want to do this Roy
[Music]
the game the adrenaline rush
what if it is seems like you've had
quite a past enough to last several
lifetimes
I'm just a blink you're not just forever
you know it's very peculiar doing things
you'd never imagine secrets between you
God the devil
and the dead you don't know him
[Music]